https://nostarch.com/download/DataStructuresAlgorithmsJavaScript_p1.pdf

Question 4.9 - should be (2^k) - 1, not 2^(k-1), and should probably be
described as being for the mathematically inclined as is done in Question 9.4

Question 5.11 - width link pointing to 11 should be (3) not (2).
And there should be a note that the start sentinel
also has a width of 1, and it should be shown in the diagram as the node
storing the width link pointing to 11.


Chapter 12: There is a clarification omitted in the code for 
"Adding a key to a Randomized BST" and "Splitting the BST", where
the newNode call in add() which takes left and right arguments (labelled with a "4"),
uses right of _split's return for the left and the left of _split's return for
the right. Although correct, I think it deserves a clarification at least.
Better still, I think the newNode call should simply take the left and right of 
_split's return value. And then the _split function should be modified
to pass the fields of newTrees and lastNodes parameters as
separate parameters in place of newTrees and lastNodes, so that there
is 4 instead of 2 parameters. Then when the tree becomes empty in the step
labelled "1", a new object should be constructed and returned with the
expected left and right fields.

The chapter's use of "side" and "other" in code sections for "left" and "right"
helps to avoid if else,
but I think it sacrifices clarity for brevity. Many times I had to 
decompress the code to use "left" and "right", before I understood what
the code section.

Figure 12.45 - parent of 12 should be 23, not 9

Chapter 13
"Removing a Key from a Red-Black Tree"
- The statement "Remember the invariant to uphold: either the root or its left child
must be black." should rather read "Remember the invariant to uphold: either the root
or its left child must be red."
- The JS code omits the containsKey() check in Sedgewick's Java code. And so
it creates null errors when removing non-existent keys, unless there are explicit
checks for nulls in the if conditions for black colors.

Chapter 14
"The Structure Property", under "Binary Heaps"
- The statement "The parent of node 2 is at position Math.floor((2-1)/2)=1."
should rather read "The parent of node 2 is at position Math.floor((2-1)/2)=0."

exercise 14.7 - probably needs clarification of "remove by index".

exercise 14.15 - the answer there looks incorrect. Rather the answer should be:
same as split of Randomized BST

exercise 14.16 - the answer there looks incorrect. Rather the answer should be:
same as join of Randomized BST, except that instead of generating a new random 
number to determine which node to pick, rather use the existing precomputed
random priorities to determine which node to pick.

Chapter 15

exercise 15.2 - solution says "when inserting keys in descending order ... you
get a badly shaped heap. ... And if you insert them in ascending order, you
can achieve a full binary tree." But that is for min-heap, not max-heap.
So for max-heap, which is the default kind of heap in the book,
the solution should rather read: "when inserting keys in ascending order ... you
get a badly shaped heap. ... And if you insert them in descending order, you
can achieve a full binary tree."

Chapter 16

16.6 - probably needs clarification that: how should the structures look like when adding
the word "ALGORITHM" to an empty instance of each of them?

Chapter 17

Bellman-Ford Algorithm
page 437 - The statement "No more changes are possible." should be preceded with
"You find a better path to B through E."

Finding a Minimum Spanning Trees (MST)
page 458 - The statement "If a graph is not connected, we’ll find a forest of trees instead for
each independent group of nodes." 
is not implemented by any of the MST algorithms as shown in the book.

exercise 17.8 - probably needs clarification that: can you replace the call to
Javascript's sort in the implementation Kruskal's algorithm with one of
the sort algorithms discussed in this book?
